---
layout: post
title: Reflection Blog Post
---

This is my reflection on my final project for this course.

2022-03-17

For our final project, we created a webapp that displays the sentiment analysis on trending TikToks. I am especially proud of what my group was able to achieve by extending our knowledge and skills from the course. I researched, chose, and learned to use a sentiment analyzer that fit the goals of our project. Although our project has a sufficient grasp of the content on the TikTok app, I believe more data (i.e., more data entries) could have improved our overall analysis. We were able to extract hashtags and use a function to segment individual words from the hashtags. The language on social media may not have been understood by this function, so the word segments were not always accurate. In our proposal, we wanted the webapp to be able to pull live TikToks off the app, but due to time contraints and lack of skills, our group was not able to perform sentiment analysis on live TikToks but rather a stored database of TikToks. However, I have gained more experience in working with databases, and I have learned to research and apply new Python packages and use GitHub to share work with collaborators. From coming up with the idea to perform sentiment analysis of TikTok, it was cool to pioneer this project from my hobby of social media. I gained some leadership experience from forming this group and planning out tasks, and I also gained an interest in project management. While my previous coding courses have required an individual effort, this group project has shown me that I enjoy coding projects and working with peers to achieve a tangible goal.